Contact
Married. Father-of-three.
847-845-9360 (Mobile)
fkravets@usa.net
www.linkedin.com/in/fkravets
(LinkedIn)
www.cybersecurityeasy.com
(Company)
www.youtube.com/
@cybersecurityeasydotcom (Other)
www.cybersecurityeasy.academy
(Other)
Top Skills
Social Engineering and Cyber
Awareness Training
Business Process Improvement
Training
Certifications
Venture Capital & Private Equity
Publications
Dissertation Research: ESL
Instructor's Perception of Information
Technology Support.
Feliks Kravets, DBA
CyberSecurityEasy.com | Advisor | Professor | Author & Speaker |
Coach | ex-SBC Telecom
Greater Chicago Area
Summary
Coaching to improve social engineering awareness. Open to remote
consulting projects and remote project opportunities in selected
states.
Experience
CyberSecurityEasy.com LLC
Founder and Head of Coaching
May 2023 - Present (1 year 2 months)
CyberSecurityEasy initiative is dedicated to extensively supporting the
community through the provision of cyber safety coaching, aimed at enhancing
awareness of social engineering tactics. We work with a wide range of
groups, including seniors, businesses, cyber insurance providers, and other
organizations.
Our coaching sessions cover the use of Emails, SMS messaging, phone calls,
passwords, voice, and video cloning, and more, through CyberSecurityEasy
coaching. For service and partnership inquiries, please contact us at
info@cybersecurityeasy.com or call us at 847-845-9360.
CONFLUUNT ADVISORS
Social Engineering Defense and Employee Training Security Strategist
March 2024 - Present (4 months)
Social engineering consulting is part of large-scale business consulting
teamwork managed by Confluunt Advisors. It plays a crucial role in equipping
employees within organizations with the necessary skills and knowledge
to recognize and defend against social engineering attacks. These attacks
manipulate individuals into divulging confidential information or performing
actions that compromise security, exploiting the human element of security
systems, often considered the weakest link.
Various
Adjunct | Visiting / Substitute Professor
Page 1 of 3
1999 - Present (25 years)
I have taught undergraduate and graduate courses in person and remotely at
Benedictine University, University of the Potomac, College of Lake County,
Illinois Institute of Art in Schaumburg, Kendall College, Northwestern Business
College, BIR Training Center, and Classic Residence by Hyatt/Vi at The Glen,
various school districts, among others.
Venture Starters
Director of Venture Development (Higher Education)
2023 - 2023 (less than a year)
Venture Starters is the largest community of founders, investors and startup
mentors, FREE & ONLINE. Contact me for student pitch deck events. Join our
next Pitch & Networking Zoom Event!
Maximizable Inc
Founder. Business Operations
2022 - 2023 (1 year)
Maximizable is a unified platform to assist small businesses to grow and
compete through better hiring, training, and marketing.
Online Impacts
Strategic Board Advisor
2021 - 2023 (2 years)
Board Advisor at Online Impacts. Online Impacts - is a non-profit social tech
organization that uses technology to help the humanity.
University of the Potomac (UOTP)
5 years
Full-Time Professor | Program Manager
2018 - 2023 (5 years)
Chicago Campus (In-person & remote) / DC & VA Campuses (remote)
Student Business & Entrepreneurship Club Advisor | Co-Chair:
Entrepreneur Incubator Academy (EIA)
2018 - 2023 (5 years)
BIR Training Center
Program Manager
2016 - 2018 (2 years)
Chicago, Illinois, United States
Page 2 of 3
SBC Telecom
Data Analyst
1999 - 2001 (2 years)
Chicago, Illinois, United States
Formerly Ameritech. Acquired by AT&T.
Education
Argosy University
Doctor of Business Administration, DBA 路 (2013)
Keller Graduate School of Management of DeVry University
Master of Project Management, MPM 路 (2004)
Robert Morris University - Illinois
Bachelor of Business Administration, BBA 路 (1995)
Illinois Institute of Technology
Graduate Certificate, Internet 路 (2000)
Page 3 of 3